Blade comes with other useful directives for conditional rendering.
Let's try that unless directive, it will render the content only if its condition is false and it has
no alternative or else options, it has to be closed with one and unless directive so lets other condition
this can be posed is new.
So if this condition will be false, the content will be rendered so we can put something like it is
an old post using unless safety changes.
And let's head to the chrome to verify it at first.
Let's try with blog post one.
It's not rendered because this is our new blog post and here it is, unless it's working.
Next, there are the ESET and empty directives.
They work exactly the same as their counterparts functions.
But first, let's add that his comments property to one of our posts, maybe to the first one, so his
comments equals true.
So we want added to the second blog post.
Now let's go back to the template.
So below the content, let's use that is, said DirecTV.
Which adds with our counterpart and is set to verify if the variable is actually set.
So we'll check if Post has comments is set and we will render that the Post has some comments using
it said.
So let's verify that in the browser.
That's the first blog post, and you can see that the Post has some comments, text is rendered and
on the second blog post, there is no text as this property does not exist.
Now, let's glance at the blade dogs.
So you can see there's plenty more of this conditional rendering directives, most of them are combined
with Laravel features you are yet to learn about, so you will see them much later in the course.
So we want to use at all, if you are curious, go take a look at what's possible.
Finally, you might be happy to learn that you can create your own custom if statements in late and
the recent accommodation page about it.
So whenever you feel like you are ready to do it and you will find some usage for it, I invite you
to just try it out on yourself.